# Things to note of change
 -The server is not https, needs to be HTTPS for security reasons and to implement certain features. 
 -IP address in the app needs to be changed to server IP, see TODO: Change address.

# How certain things run
Ensure the MySql engine is up and running (Ask OIT about this).
Run create_database.py x y, where x and y is the IP for the MySQL server and your MySQL user. The script will ask you for your password. 
Navigate to src folder, then run this command, replacing 0.0.0.0 with your IP.
<br> 
```Bash
uwsgi --http 0.0.0.0:8000 --wsgi-file receiver.py --callable __hug_wsgi__
```

## Visualizer Tool
We built a visualizer tool to assist in interacting with the data collected by the server. It can be started up by navigating to the src folder and running the following command.
```Python
python3 visualize.py [-p] [-q Query]
```
If no option is specified, the program will launch in an interactive mode. This is the recommended mode unless the user wishes to plot two collumns returned by a SQL Query directly. The [-h] flag can be passed to show the help for the [-p] and [-q] options. The [-q] option allows the user to pass a SQL query directly to the database. The [-p] plots the returned collumns and therefore requires the [-q] option. The retuned table must have two collumns of floats or ints in order to graph correctly. They will graph in a scatterplot. 

The interactive mode allows the user to select from a range of easy to use options. They include some tools to explore the database such as a list of tables and a query interpretter. Additionally, some plots will be autogenerated if the user desires. Some database management can also be done through the interactive mode.

# What we could not get too
--These are taken from the backlog that did not have anyone assigned to them/ were not done/ did not have any flag next to them
    -Implement Game Collection by PlayerID
    -Create PlayerID
